seven underrated marketing lessons i've
been doing marketing for over 20 years
and i've learned a lot of lessons in
that time some of the lessons are
obvious and others not so much what's
funny is the lessons that most people
don't think are important in other words
the underrated ones are usually the ones
that matter a lot here are seven lessons
that you shouldn't take for granted like
i did in other words don't make the
mistake i did lesson number one it's
easier to market in a big town
my first few companies struggled to get
really big it wasn't the marketing that
was the issue it was that the market was
too small tam stands for total
addressable market it's hard to market
your company in a small market even with
no competition because there isn't that
much revenue to be had and marketing
still costs money on the flip side if
you go after a massive market even if
you capture a really really
tiny fraction of a percent you can
create a massive company just make sure
the market that you're marketing in is
really big ideally a hundred plus
billion dollar industry if not a
multi-trillion dollar industry
lesson two
all good channels eventually get crowded
and competitive it doesn't matter how
well you are doing from one marketing
channel eventually it just won't perform
as well because the algorithms won't
help you out
you just have to come to terms with that
it doesn't mean that you shouldn't
leverage it and it doesn't mean that you
should give up it just means that you
need to go after all the main channels
out there in essence you need to be omni
channel omni channel marketing is the
only way to really grow and continually
get results not all channels will be
great but that's okay
not all channels will provide the
results you want and again that's okay
just leverage them to their fullest
it'll all add up over time you gotta
chip away at it in essence lesson three
branding is everything when you think
about sports shoes what brand comes to
mind probably nike when you think about
credit cards what brands come to mind
visa mastercard american express how
about electric cars i bet you're gonna
say tesla people buy based on brands the
way you build brands is by being in
business long enough and taking an omni
channel approach so you got to be
patient sure you still need to do
marketing but you got to be patient
because over time your brand will
generate a lot of your revenue for you
lesson four jump on new channels early
always thought that if you have money
you can just be a late adopter when it
comes to marketing it is true but it's
expensive and money doesn't always buy
your way to the top you ideally want to
join new platforms right when they come
out sure you may end up wasting time on
a platform that may go nowhere like
clubhouse but it's okay it's a numbers
game by being early it gives you a huge
leg up
and one that money you usually can't buy
later on
lesson five marketing gets better over
time i can't stress how important it is
to be patient i remember when i started
doing business i wanted results right
away then i started consulting with
other companies and a lot of them wanted
results right away but marketing is all
about taking small incremental steps and
just chipping away at the problem
eventually you can get to where you want
to be but it won't happen overnight and
if you aren't patient and you don't do
it for many years i'm talking about five
10 plus years you won't build a company
that you want
lesson six traffic isn't everything i
remember one of my early companies
kissmetrics we had 10 times more traffic
than our competition mix panel
our valuation at the time was way less
than 50 million bucks on the flip side
our competition had a valuation of
roughly 800 million dollars
it just goes to show that traffic isn't
everything the question you have to ask
yourself is
do you have the right traffic are you
converting them well enough is your
product or service amazing because if it
isn't then it won't matter
yes you want more traffic but don't
obsess
as it isn't everything
lesson seven
the best form of marketing is product
marketing it is easier to market by
creating a great product or amazing
service
taking the route of marketing through
paid ads seo email social media and even
content is great but what is even better
is having amazing product or service you
can't market crap excuse my language see
because when you have a great product or
service it creates word-of-mouth
marketing that is way easier than just
continually buying traffic and relying
on it that only gets you so far
it's not what most companies focus on
instead they look for the quick
alternative which is hey how many
visitors can i buy and that's not the
right way to do your marketing
now if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital where
we help companies like yours we're the
performance marketing agency of the year
and if you enjoyed this video like it
share it tell the people about it you
have any questions leave a comment i'm
here to help you out